# Training Materials for Spring 2024 CTF Event
Jump to a section that you would like to learn more about and then try the challenges in each section. Answers will be posted below each section.


## Open Source Intelligence:
Use publicly available information collected from search engines, social media, databases, and more to answer challenges regarding a variety of topics.

[OSINT Challenges](./training/OSINT.md)


## Cryptography
Identify a variety of techniques used to encrypt or hide messages and extract their hidden messages.

[Cryptography Challenges](./training/crypto.md)


## Password Cracking
Identify how computers store user passwords and the many pros and cons of a variety of different algorithms in use.

[Password Cracking](./training/cracking.md)

## Network Traffic Analysis
Identify the different types of network traffic and determine what was being sent between different computers over a network.

[Network Traffic Challenges](./training/network.md)
  

## Log Analysis
Identify between normal and abnormal operation based on logs generated by programg.

[Log Challenges](./training/logs.md)

## Scanning

Use specialized tools to gain more information about a target, such as programs running on the target and potential vulnerabilities.

[Scanning Challenges](./training/)

## Digital Forensics
Analyze and recover digital evidence from a computer-related incident.

[Forensics Challenges](./training/forensics.md)


## Reverse Engineering
Also called enumeration and exploitation, identify exploits and vulnerabilites of code to bypass security measures in the code.

[Reverse Engineering Challenges](./training/enum.md)

## Web Application Security
Identify exploits and vulnerabilities to bypass security measures of web applications.

[Web App Security Challenges](./training/webapp.md)
